[NIR] I was all alone
for the longest time.
A little kid in a cruel world.
It wasn't easy, learning
how to get along on my own.
Everyone told me.
"You're a demon child,
and you draw the Earless
to you like a magnet."
"There's no place in this world
for somebody like you."
I thought I was always
gonna be alone, until I died.
[NIR]
And then I met him.
This the place?
Yeah! We're here,
at the legendary school
that produced some of the
greatest Players in history.
This is Freak Scene Academy!
And we're really here!
How cool is that, Mu?
Oh yeah, so cool.
Like a prison for kids. Wait.
What the hell!
We're gonna be
walking the same halls
as Keith Rolling
and Pete Badfinger!
Man, the vibe here is sick!
[CHEERLEADERS]
Let's go Freak Scene.
[MU]
Would you please slow down?
Yeah, sick vibes.
As in the actual, "go home and
take something" kinda sick.
Huh‐‐wha?
Focus. This isn't a road trip,
we're here for a reason.
I know. How could I forget?
That Core Part around your neck
is what brought us here.
The same one used by the
Player we're trying to find.
Jimi Stonefree.
He may not have an
entry in the almanac,
but Jimi is still a legend.
And if we dig around enough,
there's gotta be some kinda
record on him, right?
[MU]
True enough.
Plus, maybe I can find out
more about this power I have.
[KIM] So your name is Echo Rec?
And you would be Mu.
[KIM]
I'm so glad you two are here!
[ECHO]
I can't breathe.
Please, excuse me.
My name is Kim.
I serve as the director
of this academy.
Although, that title
hardly holds any weight.
None of these little vandals
ever listen to a word I say.
They just hurl foul
language at me,
like "haggard (bleep)"
and "used‐up old (bleep)."
Aw, kids are cruel.
Now, putting that aside.
You two are Players, right?
Bilin called ahead,
bless her soul.
She tells me you're very good.
Yes, I spoke with her yesterday.
She mentioned
a Player girl named Mu
might show up at my school.
And I know what you want.
Info on the legendary player,
Jimi Stonefree.
Is that it?
Ahaha, I'm sorry, young lady.
But as the director
of this institution,
I can't give out
an alum's records
just because someone asked me.
However.
[ECHO] What's this?
I've never heard of Teen Spirit.
I need you to find out how these
spray cans turned up on campus.
Now how about you kids
take care of that for me?
There's a nice little
file in it for you!
Okay, everybody.
It's time for class,
so please sit down.
So, uh, maybe we should have
thought about it
before we agreed?
If we solve this thing,
she gives us Jimi's
student records, right?
So what choice do we have?
I guess.
Besides.
I've never been to school before
so I'm friggin' stoked!
[KIM] Okay, you two,
come introduce yourselves!
Um. Hi. Yeah.
I'm Echo Rec,
and I wanna build amps.
What up, guys!
You can call me Mu.
It's my first time
doing the school thing.
Good meetin' ya!
Hey, Mu, where you from?
‐‐What's your cup size?
‐‐Is that dork your boyfriend?
For now I'll say just one thing.
Boys, get at me!
[STUDENTS chattering]
Okay. Please settle down.
Class has started, kids, please!
[bell rings]
[STUDENT 4B]
So, where you goin' after this?
Since we're here, you want us
to show you around campus?
Screw that, man.
Why don't we go
hit up the diner?
[STUDENT 4B]
I'm down.
Easy, boys. You shouldn't
bother this young lady.
Dude, do I look bothered?
Seems some of our students
have no manners at all.
Sorry about that.
My name is Hole.
I'm the student
council president.
We need somewhere
quieter to talk.
Boys! Clear a path for us!
Right, let's go!
[ECHO]
Wha?
[STUDENT 4B]
Sure enough, swooping in at
the last second like always.
What was that about?
[HOLE] This is the
student council room.
Though it feels like
a closet. Apologies.
Now, then. The director
asked you to look into this.
[MU]
Huh? Uh, well.
Relax. There's nothing to
get freaked out about.
It's a can of Teen Spirit.
You spray some
and breathe it in,
and it gives you a quick
psychological boost
and alleviates
feelings of stress.
From what I've heard,
this stuff was originally
created as a combat stimulant.
Fighting the Earless is an
extremely demanding job,
and Players needed an edge.
But still, this is
no place for it.
It's a stain on Freak Scene
Academy's legacy,
and it's really got me
tearing my hair out.
In other words, you wanna
help us investigate?
Exactly.
Huh‐‐
[ECHO]
Somebody's following me.
[ECHO] I wonder.
Has somebody figured out
that we're looking into
the Teen Spirit thing?
Are they tailing me?
In that case...
[NIR]
Hey. Where'd he go?
C'mon. Man.
Well that sucks.
Gotcha!
I'm sorry! I'm really sorry!
Hold on. That's right,
you were‐‐
Uh, my name is Nir,
and we're in the same class.
I was only following you
because I wanna be friends!
For real?
[MU]
What is this?
[HOLE]
It's where the clubs meet,
and where the slackers go
when they're cutting class.
You first.
[gasps]
Hoowee! Hot damn!
You must be that new gal
we been hearin' about all day!
Yeah, honey, you're big
news around here.
They said a new
Player transferred in,
and she's a looker!
Is that so?
Don't be shy, come on in!
Now. What brings you out here?
Weird place for
a pretty girl like you.
I'm looking for
information about this.
She got her a can
of Teen Spirit!
Hey, you know it?
Hell yeah I do!
Anybody 'round here
tells ya they don't's a liar!
[GUYS]
Yeah!
So it's not hard to find, then.
Do you two know where
I could get some more?
Hell, you looked like
a sweet young thing,
but you don't come off
that sweet no more.
Too bad. 'Cause right now...
...you're talkin' to
the math club, sugar!
[GUYS]
Life is math. Math is life!
Riemannian theory!
Fibonacci primes!
None o' that
Teen Spirit mess here.
Messin' with numbers
is how we get high!
[GUYS]
Hell yeah!
[ECHO chuckles] It's cool
that you wanted to meet me,
but honestly you
coulda just said hi.
[NIR]
That's so embarrassing, though.
Now check this out.
[gasps]
[NIR]
Right? It's perfect.
[ECHO]
For real.
Before I left home, I'd never
even imagined a view like this!
I'm the only person who
knows about this place,
except a few people I like
enough to tell about it.
Wow. Thanks a lot!
Oh. And there's this.
Ta‐da!
[ECHO]
Is that...
[NIR] Yep. Jimi, the unlisted
legend of the Player world.
And this is like
an uber‐rare shot.
It might be the most
important treasure I have.
'Cause see, I was alone
for a long time.
My parents passed away
when I was still little,
and I didn't have any relatives
who could take care of me.
So I kinda hated the
world most of my life.
It felt like I'd be
all alone till I died
and there was
nothing I could do.
But then I heard about
him for the first time.
He tried to change the world.
I thought that was so cool!
That's why I want to
be a Player. Are you‐‐[gasps]
[ECHO]
Thank you!
[ECHO] The place I came from,
this town called Liverchester.
Liverchester?
It barely even counts
as a real town.
It's a junkyard.
And I always thought
I'd die digging through
the mountains of trash.
But still. I saw this man
once when I was little
and I could never forget him.
Nir. Let's do this!
Do what?
Let's be friends!
Seriously?
Jeez. That was exhausting.
Princess. You're back.
So, what did you learn?
That there are people who
like to do math for fun.
What's with you
ditching me like that?
I just needed a flower
for the princess.
[MU] Come on. We've still got
a lot of places left to look.
[MU]
See ya!
[FRANCIS]
Teen Spirit, huh?
Yeah. It comes in a can
that looks like this.
Well, I got no idea where the
cans could be coming from.
See there? I told you he
wouldn't have anything for us.
We should move on.
If you wanna know
what's in the cans,
I could probably
find you the recipe.
Wait, like, here?
Sure, why not?
The stuff's everywhere.
Players all over the
world still rely on it.
Whoa, that's insane!
Yeah, like the guys in Londinium
don't go to the front line
without loading up
on Teen Spirit.
It's not some big secret
how it's made or anything.
On top of that,
a lot of students here
lost their families in
battle with the Earless.
So they picked up
the habit in the field.
They got their good thing
and they couldn't let it go
after they made it here.
For them, it's like medicine.
Teen Spirit helps fill up
the void inside their hearts.
Man. That makes sense,
but it's still illegal, right?
Yeah, obviously.
Keep using it long enough
and it'll basically
set your brain on fire.
But once you get hooked,
you need it too bad to care.
Yup. Found the recipe.
Now you can know more
about it than I do.
[NIR]
You sure this is cool?
Of course.
We're friends, aren't we?
This is the first amp
I ever built.
Can you believe I put it all
together out of junk parts?
Wow. That's awesome!
So, this goes like this,
but what does this thing do?
Oh, that's the cord.
It's the part you
plug into the Player.
Ah, is that right?
Does it go like this?
So you're one of the students
who lost their parents in
battle with the Earless, huh?
That's right.
You can tell me all about
it later, once this is done.
Now, there's probably someone
making Teen Spirit
here on campus.
But for what purpose?
[MU]
Who could say? Whoever it is,
they're not cooking this
stuff up in a broom closet.
They have to heat it
to a high temperature
and then cool it down.
[BOTH gasp]
[ECHO]
Whoa. What is that?
[STUDENTS gasping]
[NIR] Come on, why's it
always gotta be so hard
to make things work right
on the first try?
[NIR] I'm so happy,
'cause today I found my friend.
Nir! Listen to me!
Please come down!
[NIR]
I'm so lonely, but that's okay.
[STUDENTS gasping]
Why'd you bring that thing?
It's student council history.
I have to protect it!
[MU]
What did you do this time, Echo?
Nir just hijacked my amp!
[NIR] I could rip my
busted head off my shoulders
and be done with all this.
I can put an end to the fear
and misery right here!
That's it? What happened?
Was that all I could do?
Hey, Nir!
I was hoping your amp might
make the hurting stop
for a little while
if I plugged in.
You okay?
[gasps]
I'm so sick of it all.
I must have
dropped it somewhere.
Ugh. Friggin' sucks.
[MU] I knew this is
where I would find you.
[ECHO]
Nir!
I figured it out
once I saw this.
You had to find
somewhere to cool off
all that uncut Teen Spirit.
A place where none
of the other students
would come looking for it.
Lucky for you, there was
a closed swimming pool
that was just big enough, right?
[HOLE] I never expected
you to make it this far.
[MU]
Hole?
[gasps] Nir, were you the one
making the Teen Spirit?
Don't you understand?
This drug does far more
than take the pain away.
That's right.
It turns you into a god.
It grants you the power to fight
back against this sick world.
Our world is cruel,
especially to people like us.
Once we graduate from here,
they send us straight onto
the battlefield as Players.
And then, we fight until we
break down and die all alone.
And it's not right.
That's why we have to
tear it all down.
The same way Jimi
did it before us.
You are a genius, Nir.
The greatest talent of our time.
Since Jimi disappeared,
there's been nobody better
at piloting Equipment.
You have the power.
And I've got Teen Spirit.
So come with me.
And we'll rip this world apart.
[HOLE]
We'll smash it to pieces.
Please don't, Nir!
Why would you go
along with this?
Go along? You're a fool.
We both want to see
this world end.
It's time for us to finish
what Jimi started!
We're doing this!
‐‐No!
‐‐What?
Are you kidding me?
Wait!
Hey, step back a sec.
[MU groans]
[NIR] We'll load up on guns
and bring all our friends.
Lose it all.
It's fun to pretend!
Hey, kid! What's your deal?
[NIR]
The sun is gone,
but with the light out
it's less dangerous.
Here we are now.
We can share our endorphins.
Entertain Us!
That's it. I have to stop this!
[ECHO] If I jumped onto
the AC30 from up there.
That's really far.
[HOLE]
Go ahead and step off.
Heaven is waiting for you.
How can you let Nir
suffer like this?
I thought you were friends!
Did you really? What a joke.
Nir is just part of my plan,
a bargaining chip to
get me out of this shithole.
Your plan?
[HOLE]
All the students here.
What do you think happens
when we graduate?
Easy. They ship us
off to fight the Earless
until we're crippled or dead.
But Nir is something special.
A stronger weapon
than any military has.
One they would buy at any price.
In fact. They might even hand
over the entire Londinium army.
The pieces are already
in place to make it happen.
They all smell Teen Spirit
and they come running.
Players in every country
need their fix.
And my product is some
of the best there is.
[ECHO]
That's horrible.
I have to win this
game if I wanna live,
and Nir is my trump card!
[ECHO]
You've got it all wrong.
Nir's a person,
not a playing card!
It's not a game!
Drop dead!
[ECHO gasps]
Hey, let go!
I won't. Nir is my friend!
[gasps]
[BOTH gasp]
[ECHO]
Nir?
Whoa, that was a close one.
‐‐Ow. Ow, ow, ow.
‐‐[ECHO] Mu, are you okay?
For real, dude?
What part of that was okay?
Uh. Sorry, but I'm trying
to be the friend Nir needs.
I don't wanna fight
my friends. I can't.
[NIR] For real, Echo.
You fight dirty.
[ECHO]
Nir.
So uh, what exactly is going on
between you and this girl?
And you. What is Echo to you?
A friend? Partner
in battle? Or a lover?
Huh?
Now I've turned my back on Hole.
But honestly, we were just
feeding on each
other to begin with.
We started to think
that was a real connection.
Hold on.
[NIR]
You understand, don't you.
The way the power
feels in your hands.
The thrill of the fight.
What'll you do when that
power swallows you up?
I'm not gonna let that happen.
Okay.
I guess I can't
stick around anymore.
Please, wait!
Listen up, 'cause you both
need to hear this.
At the end of the day, being a
Player means losing your mind.
That's just how it is.
[NIR]
Later.
Don't go!
[NIR]
When my time comes.
Once I've finally gone
all the way crazy.
Will you feel the same?
Will you still
call me your friend?
[sirens blaring]
Oh, thank you.
You saved us.
I'm so grateful!
But who could have imagined
Hole was running
the entire operation?
And right here
on campus, at that!
Now, here's the file,
as we agreed to.
Though honestly,
I can't guarantee
you'll find anything
useful inside.
Is this...
[KIM] Ah, yes, that's the ruler
of the Purple Kingdom.
The man known as the
Scion of Chills. Denka.
Denka?
After Jimi left here,
I'm told Denka was the
first one he went to see.
If you meet him, there's
a chance he could have
quite a bit to share
with you about Jimi.
Guess we know where
we gotta go next.
Yeah.
[MU] So like, I didn't
wanna ask you this
straight up, but...
[ECHO]
Shoot.
‐‐[MU] Don't get offended.
‐‐[ECHO] Huh?
[MU] Were you hanging out
with Nir that whole time
and never realized
she was a girl?
[ECHO]
Wait, for real?!
[JIMI] A street corner
drenched in purple rain.
Let me reveal my little secret
and we can begin
our private revolution.
For the time has come.
Everyone reaches a hand out.
Let's wing our way
towards something new.
With that prayer,
our world will change.
Let me guide you
to the purple rain.
Mm. I can feel love
in your radiance.
"In the Embrace of the Beat."
Now, dance. If you are a Player.